this is actually kind of a cool product
this is an SEO keyboard the KB 505 you
it is a large print tricolor backlight
keyboard I think that is about as
self-explanatory as a keyboard could
possibly be it has a three year limited
warranty with lifetime support by phone
live chat email and warranty that's
fascinating so three-year limited
lifetime support
warranty I don't know what that means
let's assume a three-year warranty easy
to read keys large print keys to reduce
eye strain and promote productivity
tricolor backlight select between red
blue or purple backlight illuminations
and quick access keys built-in
multimedia and quick access hotkeys so
this is great for people who don't see
that well like if you have some kind of
a visual visual disability or I don't
remember what they call it now I think
it's like differently-abled sorry I guys
I cannot remember the correct PC term
for like a visual impairment I know it's
not correct to say impairment but I'm
sorry so if you have like a visual
inability to see things that are small
and hard to see this would be super
handy because the backlight is not just
necessarily for for use when it's dark
you know in a gaming scenario like I
think they're I think someone told me it
was a gaming keyboard it doesn't look
like it's the gaming at all but I can
see I would be fine for gaming because
again you know having that having that
visibility the keys is certainly
something that you know gamers would
appreciate so I'm just gonna plug this
into you guys can see it I'm not only
that but I mean for someone like my mom
who is uh who's hit that uh that fifty
year old mark where she's starting to
not be able to see quite as well up
close anymore something like this would
be really handy for her so I mean she's
a touch typist
so maybe less for her but especially
like for your grandparents or people who
are getting to be a little bit
nearsighted and and they don't
necessarily touch type or know the
keyboard layout well this kind of thing
is awesome because you can much more
easily and more quickly find exactly
what you're looking for
so
just go ahead and figure out how to cha
ha there we go oh nice there we go I
think the red ones probably the big
winner in terms of the like the contrast
the richness of the color and the and
the readability of it what do you think
yeah slick sort of nodding in agreement
but I'm sort of as boss so he kind of
has to nod in agreement when I talk
about things so we're going to leave it
on read while we have a look at the
general layout so it's a very very
standard looking layout you got your
long shifts long enter and long
backspace which is great because if it
didn't have that I'd be very very sad
you also have a lot of pretty different
buttons on this one so up to here it's
all completely standard out to here
insert and del delete are also very
standard and is standard but then we get
the indecisive button the puh button and
the arm the postscript button so this is
when you're not finished right in your
email and you want to press that button
to automatically enter down a couple
times and type PS the puh button is
actually there's there's a smell limiter
on the bottom of the board and when you
press that button you'll actually get an
olfactory sensation that watts to your
nose and will like no I'm just kidding
okay so uh this is um shoot what is this
print screen right okay this is scroll
lock this is uh shoot I don't know what
that is pause and break okay
so then this is the part where it gets
more confusing than a regular keyboard
home and page up page down number lock
and other than that everything is pretty
standard so you've got all your typical
media keys you play pause back forward
and the stop button as well as your
email home and favorites audio controls
launching a media player whatever that
does and now watching the calculator app
I love dedicated calculator buttons
that's awesome I think that pretty much
covers it so inexpensive backlit nice
big keys actually has kind of a nice
aesthetic to it as well don't forget to
subscribe to Linus tech tips for more
unboxings reviews and other
seizure-inducing videos